docs: updated the Static web app workshop with latest programming model of SWA (#142)
microsoft/moaw: workshops/swa-cosmosdb/workshop.md

</div>

In your folder find the YAML file `.github\workflows\<YOUR-STATIC-APP-NAME-XXXX>.yml` and change the `actions/checkout@` section to adopt new nodejs version(i.e. 20).  

```yaml
steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
```
to 

```yaml
steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
```

Save the changes and push the file in repo.

Go to Terminal in VS Code and type below command in your working app directory

```bash
git add .
git commit -m "changed the checkout action version"
git push
```

> This will trigger the GitHUb Action to deploy the changes.

Author: ```suggestion
This will trigger the GitHub Action to deploy the changes.
```

You can download the extension either directly from the `Extension panel (Ctrl + Shift + X)` in VSCode or by going [here](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurefunctions) and clicking on the `Install` button.

Install the [Azure Functions extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurefunctions&WT.mc_id=javascript-76678-cxa) v1.10.4 or above for Visual Studio Code. This extension installs [Azure Functions Core Tools](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local) for you the first time you locally run your functions. 

> > Node.js v4 requires version 4.0.5382, or a later version of Core Tools.

Author: ```suggestion
> Functions runtime v4 requires version 4.0.5382, or a later version of Core Tools.
```
